docs/runtime-configuration.md: add runtime configuration document (#284)
pcengines/apu2-documentation: docs/runtime-configuration.md

The apu platforms firmware contain an application called sortbootorder which
serves as a BIOS setup application. It allows to modify behavior of the
coreboot firmware and enable or disable features/peripherals.

For more information about the usage of sortbootorder application refer to
sortbootorder [README](https://github.com/pcengines/sortbootorder/blob/master/README.md).

## Offline runtime configuration

An application to modify the runtime configuration of apu platforms has been
developed. The source code is available at [PC Engines GitHub repository](https://github.com/pcengines/cb-order).

This application allows modifications of runtime configuration options on a
coreboot binary without the need of rebooting the platform and entering setup
menu via BIOS (which requires serial console). The application offers either a
user-friendly GUI or command line interface for scripting and automation.
Please refer to the [application's README](https://github.com/pcengines/cb-order/blob/master/README.md)
for the building process and dependencies.

For the usage you may execute `cb-order -h`.

Example command line usage:
`cb-order coreboot.rom -b iPXE,SATA -o usben=off -o watchdog=300`

> This command will set the boot order to be 1st iPXE then 2nd SATA. Additionally
> it disables booting from USB and sets the watchdog to 300 seconds.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase it a bit to suggest that this is a reordering and other boot options are still there:
```suggestion
This command moves iPXE and SATA boot options to the 1st and 2nd positions
respectively displacing other options from those positions. Additionally it
disables booting from USB and sets the watchdog to 300 seconds.
```

│                                                                              │
│                                                                              │
└──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

We are done now with all our modifications. Press one of the Backspace/Left/q/h
to go back to main menu. Then press `Shift + S` to save changes to the binary
and the application will exit. Now you can flash the firmware update on your
platform like described [here](firmware_flashing.md#corebootrom-flashing).

## Persistent runtime configuration

Since the v4.14.0.1 release the runtime configuration options have been
separated from coreboot code in different flashmap region. Flashmap is a
description of firmware layout supported by coreboot. In order to avoid the
loss of the customized options one has to use the following firmware update
procedure which writes the coreboot code only to the flash:

```
flashrom -p internal -w apuX_v4.YY.0.Z.rom --fmap -i COREBOOT
```

Note you need at least flashrom v1.1 for it to work. Also you will preserve the
coreboot configuration only when updating from v4.14.0.1 version or later on

> apu2/3/4/5/6 series. Apu1 does not yet support the persistent runtime

Reviewer: Remove the first `yet` (second one is at the end):
```suggestion
apu2/3/4/5/6 series. Apu1 does not support the persistent runtime
```
